hello friends let's start today
release of 3dnews daily with news from
mountain view
September 15th at noon google will hold
press conference in india most likely
we are waiting for the first demonstration
commercial fruit project android one
under which the corporation is planning
bring to emerging markets
standardized hardware platform
for budget smartphones details
will be announced closer to the date so
follow the news on 3dnews.ru
while on earth there are announcements on Mars
the old man oppositiony prepare for
reformatting an elderly steel rover
let it down electronic brains scientists
believe that the reason lies in
flash memory worn out over 10 years
intensive use however in NASA
even glad to have encountered such
a problem and in fact an opportunit run
with a three-month life expectancy
cycle
no one hoped that he would succeed
last forty-odd times longer
you are his predecessor
before showed himself to be such a fighter of his
sent to the red planet in 2003
and the farewell session took place in
2010 operators will launch the process
backup memory
Opportunity
and then give the command to
formatting after this rover is still
will show caressed to us at the press salagi
curiosity who's on mars main later
decade he can still take a punch
severe winters and ruthless winds
far planet
from space exploration we go to
more pressing issues such as wai
file router
in your apartment which is not evil
can normally finish up the toilet solution
this problem needs to be approached
exclusively from the scientific side that
did a physicist graduate student jason coffin he
made a map of their apartments and
appropriated the walls necessary indicators
refraction then modeled
electromagnetic wave propagation with
using the Helmholtz equation Hall
found out the obvious best bet
router right in the center of the apartment
However, this option did not suit him.
so the second was found
optimal device location
many of those who read his work
in favor of creating a web service
which would allow effectively
scatter the internet later
at first call thought the idea
impractical because of the huge
the number of assumptions that are made in
long settlement process
data processing but in the end a physicist
still released android application under
called razor soldiers who can be
buy google play for eighty three
cents more news look at 3dnews.ru
see you friends